README.md, before:

# Media Phile microblog

## Description

We chose to make this microblog because we love art and want to create a new forum for artists to share their work. 

Our microblog allows users to share their art through online posts containing a title, description, and a media file. 

This app allows the public to be able to share their creativity on a public forum.

Some of the things we learned during our project were how to work with handlebars, Huroku, models, databases, seeds, routes. 

## Requirements

<!-- * Be deployed using Heroku (with data).

* Have a polished UI. -->

<!-- * Have a professional README (with unique name, description, technologies used, screenshot, and link to deployed application).  -->

## Installation

No installation needed, please just click on the following link.

## Usage

After you click on the link above, you will be taken to "Media Phile" main page.  Here you will see what has recently be uploaded to the account.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/link.png)

When you click on "Login", you will be taken to a page to Login or Register. You will need to login in order to add or make changes to any of the uploaded items.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/login.png)

If you'd like to deploy an image, you can go to your "Profile" screen.  Here you will be able to see all of your uploads and where you can upload items.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/Profile.png)


## Credits

List your collaborators:
- Shawn Karalash, https://github.com/Ralakash
- Laura Beutler, https://github.com/labeutler
- Sam Bensema, https://github.com/sammythyst
- Melissa Goncalves, https://github.com/Melissagon
- Josh Cooley, https://github.com/JCool221

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

N/A

Commit message:

updates to README to add link and images, removed Requirements.

README.md, after:

# Media Phile microblog

## Description

We chose to make this microblog because we love art and want to create a new forum for artists to share their work. 

Our microblog allows users to share their art through online posts containing a title, description, and a media file. 

This app allows the public to be able to share their creativity on a public forum.

Some of the things we learned during our project were how to work with handlebars, Huroku, models, databases, seeds, routes. 

## Installation

No installation needed, please just click on the following link.<br>
[MediaPhile](https://mediaphile.herokuapp.com/)

## Usage

After you click on the link above, you will be taken to "Media Phile" main page.  Here you will see what has recently be uploaded to the account.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/link.png)

When you click on "Login", you will be taken to a page to Login or Register. You will need to login in order to add or make changes to any of the uploaded items.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/login.png)

If you'd like to deploy an image, you can go to your "Profile" screen.  Here you will be able to see all of your uploads and where you can upload items.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/Profile.png)

If you made a mistake when uploading your image, there is a delete button you can use to remove your work.
![alt text](/Public/assets/images/Delete.png)


## Credits

List your collaborators:
- Shawn Karalash, https://github.com/Ralakash
- Laura Beutler, https://github.com/labeutler
- Sam Bensema, https://github.com/sammythyst
- Melissa Goncalves, https://github.com/Melissagon
- Josh Cooley, https://github.com/JCool221

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

N/A
